okay the temperature of the strike water
is 172 degrees and we're going to start
adding a little bit into the bash done
and done a few brains in all right now
we go ahead and dump stir them up a
little bit
just keep adding water to it and to get
to the consistency you want
a theater bash is more formidable now
thicker match thicker magic achieve your
goal sweeter beer thinner mash will dry
out more when i go to see in here until
we check the temperature make sure you
have any dough balls and they're scared
it up real good
and go check temperature now right quick
passing 149 we'd like to let down a
little bit 910 this topping out about
151 let's stir it a little more see what
it looks like leave that in there riddle
you won't have to heat up again make
sure you stir it around real good My
Morning Joe balls you want to check the
cure be cancer throughout
this to God we can have a little cold
war probably going to be the case took
over to come back and have a little more
hot water too yeah we're still on 152 we
want to let down just a little bit
we want to go too much because then take
much to town makes a lot more to heat it
up there though it's cooling down
a good thorough mix in there check temp
one more time
slowing down around 148 still passing
149 we don't want that to a little bit
more